future ramming it's a brand new word for
dramatic design of the future as
architects will tell you future Amik
design combines beauty with utility in
houses or in automobiles future Amick
design means styling with a purpose the
new 1948 Oldsmobile is the first of the
futurama cars it's designed for utmost
passenger comfort and maximum visibility
as well as for smartness and style and
with GM hydra-matic drive there's no
gearshift no clutch pushing just step on
the gas and go the smart way the future
amick way the Oldsmobile way Barry comes
now it is merry old mobile it's a
futurama Cole's mobile with the newest
push-button features of automatic
windows automatic top just pull a hand
in control and before you've had time to
admire the smooth flowing futurama
Cline's of this real post-war oldsmobile
the top is down automatically like to
drive it just slipped into that big
comfortable front seat touch that button
and presto the seat adjusts itself
driving almost automatic to with GM
hydra-matic drive
there's no clutch pedal and gears shift
automatically in this smart new futurama
cold movie you for 1948 watch how easy
it is to drive in a high dramatic old
for you this special camera mounted on
the back of the car will give you a
bird's eye view keep your eye on the
driver's right hand see even as she
slows down smoothly and stopped for a
traffic sign she has both hands on the
week even if she starts up again and
pulls away from traffic there's no fear
shifty no clutch pushing all she does is
steer the car and operate the
accelerator there's not even a clutch
pedal there the camera shows that
hydra-matic drive works almost like
magic keeps you always in the right gear
automatically it's smart to own an old a
future a Michals will be with GM
hydra-matic drive in the truly modern
home or the
modern car it's functional design that
counts smart styling is styling with a
purpose as seen in this new 1948 future
Amik oldsmobile futurama is a brand new
word created to describe this brand new
post-war General Motors car luxuriously
appointed inside and out the future
Amick oldsmobile brings truly modern
post-war design to the automotive field
there's utility as well as beauty in
every smart detail there's the safety of
greater visibility there's automatic
shifting to and no clutch pushing thanks
to GM hydra-matic drive the smart way to
go is the automatic way in a future
Amick oldsmobile